"CFDEMproject Website"_lws - "Main Page"_main :c

:link(lws,http://www.cfdem.com)
:link(main,CFDEMcoupling_Manual.html)

:line

3. Tutorials :link(1_3),h3

[General:]

Each solver of the CFDEMcoupling comes with at least one tutorial example,
showing its functionality and correct usage. Provided that the installation is
correct, the tutorials can be run via "Allrun.sh" shell scripts. These scripts
perform all necessary steps (preprocessing, run, postprocessing, visualization).

[Location:]

The tutorials can be found in the directory $CFDEM_PROJECT_DIR/tutorials, which
can be reached by typing "cfdemTut"

[Structure:]

Each case is structured in a directory called "CFD" covering the CFD relevant
settings and data, and a dirctory called "DEM" covering the DEM relevant
settings and data. This allows to easily expand a pure CFD or DEM simulation
case to a coupled case.

[Usage:]

Provided that the installation is correct, the tutorials can be run via
"Allrun.sh" shell script, executed by typing "./Allrun.sh". The successful run
of the script might need some third party software (e.g. octave, evince, etc.).

[Settings:]

The main settings of a simulation are done via dictionaries:

The DEM setup of each case is defined by a "LIGGGHTS"_lig input file located in
$caseDir/DEM (e.g. in.liggghts_init). For details on the "LIGGGHTS"_lig setup,
please have a look at the "LIGGGHTS"_lig manual.

Standard CFD settings are defined in $caseDir/CFD/constant (e.g.
transportProperties, RASproperties, etc.) and $caseDir/CFD/system (e.g.
fvSchemes, controlDict). You can find more information on that in
"OpenFOAM(R)(*)"_of documentations.

Settings of the coupling routines are defined in
$caseDir/CFD/constant/"couplingProperies"_#1_3 (e.g. force models, data exchange
model, etc.) and $caseDir/CFD/constant/"liggghtsCommands"_#1_3 (allows to
execute a LIGGGHTS command during a coupled simulation).

NOTE:
(*) This offering is not approved or endorsed by OpenCFD Limited, producer and
distributor of the OpenFOAM software via www.openfoam.com, and owner of the
OPENFOAM(R) and OpenCFD(R) trade marks.
OPENFOAM(R) is a registered trade mark of OpenCFD Limited, producer and
distributor of the OpenFOAM software via www.openfoam.com.

